then the word of the Lord came to me son
then the word of the Lord came to me son of man how is the wood of the vine
of man how is the wood of the vine
of man how is the wood of the vine better than any other wood the vine
better than any other wood the vine
better than any other wood the vine branch which is among the trees of the
branch which is among the trees of the
branch which is among the trees of the forest is wood taken from it to make any
forest is wood taken from it to make any
forest is wood taken from it to make any object or can men make a peg from it to
object or can men make a peg from it to
object or can men make a peg from it to hang any vessel off instead it is thrown
hang any vessel off instead it is thrown
hang any vessel off instead it is thrown into the fire for fuel the fire devours
into the fire for fuel the fire devours
into the fire for fuel the fire devours both ends of it and its middle is burnt
both ends of it and its middle is burnt
both ends of it and its middle is burnt is it useful for any work indeed when it
is it useful for any work indeed when it
is it useful for any work indeed when it was hold no object could be made from it
was hold no object could be made from it
was hold no object could be made from it how much less will it be useful for any
how much less will it be useful for any
how much less will it be useful for any work when the fire has devoured it and
work when the fire has devoured it and
work when the fire has devoured it and it is burned therefore thus says the
it is burned therefore thus says the
it is burned therefore thus says the Lord God like the wood of the vine among
Lord God like the wood of the vine among
Lord God like the wood of the vine among the trees of the forest which I have
the trees of the forest which I have
the trees of the forest which I have given to the fire for fuel so I will
given to the fire for fuel so I will
given to the fire for fuel so I will give up the inhabitants of Jerusalem and
give up the inhabitants of Jerusalem and
give up the inhabitants of Jerusalem and I will set my face against them they
I will set my face against them they
I will set my face against them they will go out from one file but another
will go out from one file but another
will go out from one file but another fire shall devour them then you shall
fire shall devour them then you shall
fire shall devour them then you shall know that I am the Lord when I set my
know that I am the Lord when I set my
know that I am the Lord when I set my face against it thus I will make the
face against it thus I will make the
face against it thus I will make the land desolate because they have
land desolate because they have
land desolate because they have persisted in unfaithfulness